# Phantom-Airlines
This algorithm is designed to spread party members on planes away from each other and try to achieve the maximum distance when doing so.

# Description
  The algorithm uses Manhattan distance to calculate distance among party members to make sure they are far enough away from each other on the plane. I have three main methods in this algorithm which are greedyPlacement, astarShift, and seatAssignment. The first method is the greedy placement algorithm that utilizes greedy logic to maximize distance between party members seating. First I initialize the dimensions of the plane in the rows and columns. I use a dictionary to keep track of the seating positions of each party. I then iterate through the parties and keep track of the seats that are held by the party that is currently being iterated through. I place the party members and iterate through each seat of the plane, if a seat is empty then a score/distance is computed. The higher the score then the longer the distance between party members. The desired seat is then assigned once the highest score is found and the positions are then updated and returned. 
  The next method is a mixture of A* and BFS in order to help correct any seating violations that occur in the greedy placement. The first operation is checking the validity of a seat by making sure it is in bounds and empty. Variables are then assigned for holding the members that need to be reassigned, seats that need reassignment, and a set to make sure seating combinations are not visited multiple times. Start off with empty seats by looping through the plane and if a seat is empty appending it to initial. The next step is to seed the frontier which is used as a queue for all of the possible seating arrangements. I use BFS in order to search through the frontier for the different combinations of seating arrangements. If there is no violation then a new valid seat is found. If it isn’t this simple then another seat is added by expanding the search. Seats are checked to see if they have been visited and if not they are considered potential candidates for the next valid seat. If there are no potential placements that satisfy the minimum distance requirement then None is returned.
  Lastly, the seatAssignment method calls on the previously mentioned methods in order to assign the seats to party members. The greedyPlacement is used for assigning the seats and the A* method is used to fix violations that occur. After the dimensions of the plane are assigned then the greedyPlacement method is called for the party member assignment to their seats. After this, check for seats that are violations of the minimum distance requirement between party members. If they are violating then set them up to empty. The A* method is then called in order to find a new seat that will be valid to replace the old invalid seats. If the new seat that is found is valid then it will be assigned. If no new valid seat is found then a warning message is printed. The final seating arrangement is returned at the end of this method.

# Running Instructions
